una tradición : but random arts
tradition is meant to chase away winter
and usher in spring through song and the
ringing of fellas are you yet
the ice la I'll alert the herdsman uses
a whip to chase the winter away from our
deaths you have to really concentrate
otherwise you could distract yourself in
the face the ice beneath see you on the
dairyman leads the parade and in each
square chooses the song sings the first
note and conducts the choir as better it
splatters Bouvet smarts but all the four
oldest boys lead the procession they are
dressed as the stableboy the herdsman
the dairyman's helper and the dairyman
you are too dumped in approval thus you
the four oldest girls carry small
collection boxes for people to give
money gassiness Adamas and drops
until it all at the mace much deeper
agenda marcin the older boys use a
rattle to encourage the others to ring
the bells my grandfather made the
rationale for me he told me it was hard
work so he would not make another I
adopted bladderwort butter ready
Jennifer Scott wanted to go in there
Meechum atlas of i doing to the speed on
the starless place every boy would like
to carry one of the largest bells but
you have to be very strong to carry a
big fellow morning resolute official
because anyone who manages to do that
can feel very proud of themselves
Raj's Anna Grande soy una disputa
Dolezal appeared on the scene crisis
Jesus superbee Finnerty